docs: add contributing guidelines (#107)
testing-library/eslint-plugin-testing-library: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Thanks for being willing to contribute!

Working on your first Pull Request? You can learn how from this free series
[How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub](https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github).

## Project setup

1. Fork this repository
2. Clone your forked repository
3. Run `npm install` to install corresponding dependencies

> 4. Create a branch for your PR named like `pr/your-branch-name` (you can do this through git CLI with `git checkout -b pr/your-branch-name`)

Reviewer: It would be useful to add a note on the convention we have for the pull requests: adding the type (`feat`, `fix`, ...), etc.

Author: There is nothing at the moment forcing anyone to create the branch following a namespace, so I kept it simple here.

> Tip: Keep your `master` branch pointing at the original repository and make
> pull requests from branches on your fork. To do this, run:
>
> ```
> git remote add upstream https://github.com/testing-library/eslint-plugin-testing-library.git
> git fetch upstream
> git branch --set-upstream-to=upstream/master master
> ```
>
> This will add the original repository as a "remote" called "upstream," Then
> fetch the git information from that remote, then set your local `master`
> branch to use the upstream master branch whenever you run `git pull`. Then you
> can make all of your pull request branches based on this `master` branch.
> Whenever you want to update your version of `master`, do a regular `git pull`.

## Committing and Pushing changes

There are git hooks config with this project that are automatically installed

> and set up when you install dependencies. This will be run on every commit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Git hooks are configured on this project when you install dependencies. The following will be run on every commit:
```

- check all tests are passing, code validation is fine and format files automatically

> - check commit message is following [Conventional Commit specification](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check commit message is following [Conventional Commit specification](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)
```

> You can run `npm run test:update` which will update any snapshots that need updating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you ever need to update a snapshot, you can run `npm run test:update`
```

## Rule naming conventions

> Based on [ESLint's Rule Naming Conventions](https://eslint.org/docs/developer-guide/working-with-rules#rule-naming-conventions), this is the simple convention you must follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on [ESLint's Rule Naming Conventions](https://eslint.org/docs/developer-guide/working-with-rules#rule-naming-conventions), you must follow these rules:
```

- If your rule is disallowing something, prefix it with `no-` such as `no-debug`
  for disallowing `debug()`.
- If your rule is suggesting to use a specific way for something that can be
  done in several ways, you could **optionally** prefix it with `prefer-` such as
  `prefer-screen-queries` for suggesting to use `screen.getByText()` from
  imported `screen` rather than`getByText()` from `render`'s result,

>   even though both are technically fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your rule is suggesting to prefer a way of doing something, among other ways, you can **optionally** prefix it with `prefer-`. For example, `prefer-screen-queries` suggests to use `screen.getByText()` from imported `screen` rather than`getByText()` from `render`'s result though both are technically fine.
```

> - If your rule is enforcing the inclusion of something, use a short name without a special prefix such as `await-async-utils` for enforcing to await proper async utils.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your rule is enforcing the inclusion of something, use a short name without a special prefix. As an example, `await-async-utils` enforce to wait for proper async utils.
```

Author: I'd prefer to follow same "such as" pattern as the previous ones.

- Use dashes between words.

> - Try to keep the name simple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try to keep the name simple and clear.
```

## Adding new rules

In the [same way as ESLint](https://eslint.org/docs/developer-guide/working-with-rules),
each rule has three files named with its identifier (e.g. `no-debug`):

- in the `lib/rules` directory: a source file (e.g. `no-debug.js`)
- in the `tests/lib/rules` directory: a test file (e.g. `no-debug.js`)
- in the `docs/rules` directory: a Markdown documentation file (e.g. `no-debug.md`)

> Additionally, you need to do couple of extra things:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, you need to do a couple of extra things:
```

- Import the new rule in `lib/index.js` and include it
  in `rules` constant (there is a test which will make sure you did

>   this). Remember to include your rule under corresponding `config` if necessary

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 this). Remember to include your rule under corresponding `config` if necessary
```

  (a snapshot test will check this too, but you can update it just running
  `npm run test:update`).

> - Include your rule in "Supported Rules" table within `README.md`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Include your rule in the "Supported Rules" table within the [README.md](./README.md).
```

>   Don't forget to include proper badges if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't forget to include the proper badges if needed and to sort alphabetically the rules for readability.
```

## Modifying rules

> Just couple of things you need to remember when editing already existing rules:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A couple of things you need to remember when editing already existing rules:
```

- If renaming a rule, make sure to update all points mentioned in
  "Adding new rules" section.
- Try to add tests to cover the changes introduced, no matter if that's
  a bug fix or a new feature.

## Help needed

> Please checkout the [the open issues](https://github.com/testing-library/eslint-plugin-testing-library/issues)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please check the [the open issues](https://github.com/testing-library/eslint-plugin-testing-library/issues)
```
